(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(gentle music)
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of the
Digi-Destined's great adventure
had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to face
in their fight against
the Great Catastrophe?
While following the paths
set by their Digivices,
the team continues to
make heartfelt connections
with the Digimon they
meet along the way.
After crossing paths with
all sorts of new friends
and foes around
the Digital World,
Tai's amazing journey was
coming closer to its end.
(bird cawing)
(footsteps pattering)
[Tai] What do you know?
It's a castle.
Oh and a big one too.
Think we should take a look?
Maybe this is where your
Digivice wants you to go.
Hope you're right
about that, Sora.
(pensive music)
(Tai gasping)
(Digivice beeping)
Hmm?
It's name is Knightmon.
Hello!
Anybody home?
Hmm.
Could you tell us where we are?
(armor clanging)
(gears grinding)
(all gasping)
(armor clanking)
(Sora shuddering)
(door clanging)
It looks pretty dark in there.
(Digivice beeping)
So, cool if we go inside?
[All] Mm-hmm.
(footsteps pattering)
(pensive music)
(armor clanking)
(air whooshing)
Either nobody lives here,
or they're all really quiet.
Seems like a shame
when there's so much
room in this castle.
(Valkyrimon cawing)
What the...
(Agumon gasping)
A bird?
We'd better go check it out.
(all grunting)
(all panting)
(Tai panting)
(gentle music)
Hey, Agumon?
Sora?
Biyomon?
[Valkyrimon] Welcome,
young Digi-Destined.
Who's there?
(gentle music)
(Tai gasping)
So, are you like, in charge
of this place or what?
I am not.
Right now you stand in an
empty castle with no master.
But long ago,
this was once a gathering
place for warriors
who protected the order
of the Digital World.
Together, they set
out to vanquish
the uncontrollable
forces of darkness.
[Tai] Wait.
I've heard about this before.
Of course.
You're talking about
the ancient war, right?
[Valkyrimon] Yes.
I am an entity that perished
in the great conflict.
However, as it is
my fate to witness
and chronicle the
lives of warriors,
I have relocated my soul
into a makeshift body
to remain within this world.
We just stumbled
into this place,
looking for a way to stop
the Great Catastrophe.
Do you know about it,
or how we can prevent it?
You must use the great power.
[Tai] The great power?
(Tai gasping)
We must challenge you first.
Prove yourself.
Show us your true colors.
Your truth is where
the answer lies.
(Tai gasping)
(Tai grunting)
Not impaled.
Sweet!
Oh, where the heck am I?
Sora!
(pensive music)
Hello!
(Tai gasping)
(Botamon bouncing)
(footsteps thudding)
(Goblimon growling)
(Goblimon roaring)
(club thudding)
He's in trouble!
Agumon!
(Tai grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
(Goblimon growling)
(Tai screaming)
(Tai grunting)
(tense music)
Gotcha!
You okay there, buddy?
(Botamon cooing)
(footsteps pattering)
(tense music)
(Botamon shuddering)
Shh!
(footsteps pattering)
Well, that was close.
You must've been terrified.
It's all good.
You're safe with me.
(Botamon cooing)
Focus.
I need to find a spot where
we can stay out of trouble.
And we're off!
There's no use sitting around.
(Tai grunting)
This way!
I don't know, I got nothing.
(melancholic music)
(Digivice beeping)
So that's your name, huh?
Botamon.
You lost out here?
Did you get split up
from all your friends?
(Tai chuckling)
So that makes two of us.
Usually, it's just
me and Agumon.
(Tai grunting)
We're partners.
When Agumon digivolves,
he gets bigger, (grunting)
and stronger.
He's a great partner
I can really rely on.
(Botamon cooing)
When I saw that big ol'
troll chasing you earlier,
it reminded me Agumon.
The first time we met.
(Botamon cooing)
I got no business scrapping
with Digimon one-on-one,
but I guess I just
started moving
before I had time to think.
(Botamon cooing)
(Tai gasping)
That bird again.
(air whooshing)
(Tai panting)
(Goblimon roaring)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai panting)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(water burbling)
Stay close.
This might get ugly.
(Goblimon growling)
(suspenseful music)
(soil crunching)
(footsteps thudding)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai yelling)
(water splashing)
(suspenseful music)
(water burbling)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai yelling)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai panting)
(Botamon cooing)
(Tai chuckling)
Don't worry.
It's not my first high dive.
Something like this happened
right after we came
to the Digital World.
(suspenseful music)
(tree branch crashing)
(Tai gasping)
(Seadramon roaring)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai yelling)
(water burbling)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai yelling)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai yelling)
(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
Get ready to hold your breath!
(Tai inhaling deeply)
(suspenseful music)
(water burbling)
(Tai yelling)
(suspenseful music)
(tree branch crunching)
(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai panting)
(Seadramon growling)
(Tai sighing)
(bright music)
(bubbles popping)
(Tai gasping)
(Botamon cooing)
That's a cool little
trick you got there.
I appreciate you looking
out for me, buddy.
(Botamon cooing)
Don't you worry about me.
I'm all right.
What about you?
Are you okay?
That must've been scary, huh?
(Botamon cooing)
If only I could
digivolve. (chuckling)
Then I'd be way better at
protecting friends like you.
(Botamon cooing)
(footsteps pattering)
(Tai gasping)
How about that?
Looks like we got a stalker.
(air whooshing)
(footsteps pattering)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps thudding)
(Tai grunting)
(Allomon roaring)
Allomon, great!
Never ends.
(Tai gasping)
(Allomon roaring)
(Tai grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
(suspenseful music)
(Allomon shooting fire)
(Tai grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(footstep thudding)
(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(Botamon blowing bubbles)
Perfect timing, dude!
Nice save!
(Tai panting)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai yelling)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai shuddering)
(Botamon cooing)
When I say go, you bring
on the bubbles, got it?
(suspenseful music)
And now!
(Botamon cooing)
(Tai grunting)
(Tai yelling)
(Tai gasping)
(footsteps thudding)
(Allomon roaring)
(flames whooshing)
(flames thudding)
Listen, I'm gonna distract them.
Once I do, you'll have to run.
(Botamon cooing)
You and I are buds now.
You understand?
And if it's to
protect my friends,
there's nothing I can't
see my way through.
You ready?
I'm not going down without
a fight, so bring it on!
'Cause it's now or never!
Let's go!
(Tai panting)
(Tai grunting)
Run!
(suspenseful music)
(Allomon roaring)
(Allomon crashing)
(Tai screaming)
(Tai grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(Tai screaming)
(Tai grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
(Botamon cooing)
(suspenseful music)
(footstep thudding)
You're digivolving.
(Tai grunting)
(Greymon roaring)
(Tai screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(sword clanging)
You did it.
(Tai grunting)
(Tai gasping)
(Botamon cooing)
Thanks, Botamon.
So, is it over?
Did you find out
what you needed?
[Valkyrimon] Yes.
The answer has been revealed.
Then tell me, what's
this great power
that you were mentioning before?
Is it something we can use
in order to stop the Great
Catastrophe from happening?
The first time the great
power appeared in this world
was eons ago.
It manifested during
the ancient war.
(light beaming)
(exploding sound)
(dramatic music)
Whether they were injured
or had fallen in battle,
the hearts of the Digimon who
fought to triumph over evil
in the name of peace became one.
Uniting in that moment.
(air whooshing)
As the souls of those
warriors came together,
they fused into a noble
being of immense power,
ushering forth a miracle.
(light beaming)
The great power has
already made an appearance
in this era as well.
Not once, but twice.
Brought about by
the Digi-Destined.
(Tai gasping)
It was your determination,
your steadfast resolve,
and, of course, your courage.
The heart that beats
deep within you.
That is what summoned
the great power.
It is an existence that
surpasses time and space.
(dramatic music)
That existence holds
a shape in this world,
borne out of fervent invocation,
emerging only as a result
of wishes and prayers.
To every living creature,
it is the very last light.
It is the ultimate miracle.
One which could even overturn
the end of the world.
(Tai gasping)
[Tai] Could that
be what saves us?
The key to activating the
great power is the heart.
Digimon and humans.
If a multitude of hearts
pray for the same resolution,
that will become the key
to overcoming the
impending disaster.
[Agumon] Tai?
(Tai gasping)
(air whooshing)
[Tai] Agumon?
Is everything okay?
You were kinda zoned
out there for a while.
(Agumon chuckling)
Hey, that tickles.
Hey, buddy, question.
You've been next to me this
entire time, haven't you?
Huh?
Of course.
Just checking.
There you are, Tai!
Hey now, don't go running
off without us, Agumon!
(Agumon chuckling)
[Agumon] Sorry! (chuckling)
(melancholic music)
(Digivice beeping)
(footsteps pattering)
(Tai gasping)
(Tai grunting)
(melancholic music)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Botamon.
This newborn is an
In-Training Digimon.
They don't know how to fight,
but they do shoot out bubbles
that can throw off even
the toughest of enemies.
Let's check out some
more facts about 'em.
Depending on how they're raised,
Botamon grow into
all sorts of Digimon.
I wonder if that means they
have a rebellious phase
like teenagers do?
That would be tough to handle!
(bright music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] The worst
enemy of the Digi-Destined
has finally made a move.
In the face of extreme danger,
their toughest battle begins.
[Tai] Next time: "The
Angels' Determination."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.